I am a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. While the Church is debated much in these days, I am grateful to be a part of the Church of Jesus Christ. This blog is just a compilation of my thoughts, and are meant to give a different perspective. 

Often times in the LDS church, grace is mistakenly seen as the final step to reach before salvation. Something that we can gain after trying so hard. This incorrect assumption comes from an incorrect understanding of 2nd Nephi 25:23 (bolded and italics added by me) which reads:

> For we labor diligently to write, to persuade our children, and also our brethren, to believe in Christ, and to be reconciled to God; **for we know that it is by grace that we are saved, after all *we can do*.**

Let's break down this scripture to understand what it is actually saying.

> For we labor diligently to write, to persuade our children, and also our brethren, **to believe in Christ, and to be reconciled to God;**

The first sentence of this scripture states that the people in the Book of Mormon do everything they can to help others understand **faith (to believe in Christ)** and **repentance (to be reconciled to God)**. This is an important sentence as it gives context to the rest of the scripture: 

> For we know that it is by grace that we are saved, after all we can **do**.

What does "do" actually mean? Alma 24: 10-12 explains:

> 10 And I also thank my God, yea, my great God, that he hath granted unto us that we might repent of these things, and also that **he hath forgiven** us of those our many sins and murders which we have committed, and taken away the guilt from our hearts, through the merits of his Son.
> 
> 11 And now behold, my brethren, ***since it has been all that we could do*** (as we were the most lost of all mankind) **to repent of all our sins** and the many murders which we have committed, and to get God to take them away from our hearts, ***for it was all we could do to repent sufficiently before God*** that he would take away our stain—
>
>12 Now, my best beloved brethren, since God hath taken away our stains, and our swords have become bright, then let us stain our swords no more with the blood of our brethren.

All we can do is have faith and repent. Grace covers the rest.

# Earning Grace?
There is no such thing as "earning grace". There is no such thing as a grace vending machine where you can insert celestial credits to get blessings from God. There is no such thing as doing works to earn Salvation. There is no way to overcome physical or spiritual death without the grace of God. The only possible precursor to grace is accepting grace. Grace is freely given, but is our acceptance of that grace? Can God force you to accept and recognize His divine assistance? No. Grace must be accepted and applied. Many people who are against the church and what they teach bring up **temple covenants** as part of a mistaken understanding of "earning grace".

## Temple covenants?
To answer this, let's talk about what grace is. Grace is the divine power and assistance of God. We don't earn it through works. Why then are temple covenants here, and why do they not qualify as "earning grace"?

In the end, all people, despite race, religion, thoughts, and understanding, will be given the opportunity to partake of temple covenants and accept them. An extending of grace. It is something freely given to those who accept God.

While temple covenants increase your ability to understand the gospel through sacred ordinances, we are not "earning grace". It is simply another way to come closer to God. While they are necessary for exaltation in the life to come, the only necessary step is to accept them and have faith in God. Taking covenants upon yourself does require you to uphold those promises with God. But upholding these promises to God is the essence of having faith in God. Having faith in God is another topic that we will discuss in the next blogpost. Does it include works? Or is it just processing faith in God? Find out what I think here (coming soon).
# Testimony
God doesn't want us to view Him as a blessing vending machine. He wants us to rely on Him for His grace. He wants us to accept Him by accepting grace. 

I know God lives and he loves all His children, while not all His children love Him, He loves them. He is always extending His hand of grace out to his children. I know that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints is the restored church of Jesus Christ, and will lead us closer to God as we follow the ordinances we partake of in Baptism, and the temple.

I write these things in His sacred name, Jesus Christ. Amen.
